hi everyone this is Selena I have a
second year as liquid changing I do both
college and I've decided to give you a
little room tour because I remember I
was very curious about what the room
looks like so yes I hope you guys enjoy
it and see it's pretty I'm sorry I'm
currently alone in my dorm rooms because
my freak first-years has yet to arrive
normally we only have two first years
and two second years but for us we had
to change the arrangement a little bit
because we're having a bit more unit
first years so yeah I just decided to do
details a little look into my corner and
I also got to show you what the corners
look like when you arrive so when
nothing has been done to them yes and I
really hope you guys enjoyed it this is
the second in your corner which means
that it has a window and it's a little
bit bigger than first year corners but
the items in a corner exactly is them so
you have one of these wardrobes letting
oh you're bad the shoes are given to you
by to school but you can change them if
you want to and then you have this
little shelf and you can see there's the
lamp on top up there you can just move
the lamp wherever you want it to be then
you have four shelves up here to put I
don't know your folders or whatever up
there and your desk a chair and two bits
and the school also gives you these
curtains and darkbloom I removed them
for my client cause I don't like dark
blue but you free to keep them this is
what my desk looks like there's my share
I cleared up a few pictures to make it a
bit more cozy so next to my desk I have
a bit of my jewellery and I store it on
this large tree here and in this smaller
box so on my desk I have a lamp but the
light is very yellow because I only
worked in the daytime usually so I
generally need a true death clamp the
school also supplies one but I didn't
like it then I have my little
motivational jar where I just keep some
motivating clothes in case I get cash
unmotivated at times bad like all my
pencils make
calendar which is super-important to me
this is really my organization system I
looked there at the start of the day you
know what I'm gonna do
I'm Starbucks and of course a memory of
Germany from Berlin I'm not really from
Berlin but I went there with my best
friend it was our last travel while I
was living in Joey so it's really a good
memory for me and yes this is really how
I organized it the chair was given to me
a bit of school it's actually not a very
pretty one and they're not really
comfortable which is why I put two
pillows up there just you know to make
it a little bit easier to sit there for
like a few hours and study and yeah and
a draw I really just keep like some
books for school which I don't
necessarily need all the time and a few
cleaning supplies and then this one
here's my wardrobe I put my towel always
up there so it can dry and this is
really how my corner looks I've also put
my schedule up here and when it's the
frames I just thought it looks a bit
prettier if it's in a frame rather than
just a loose paper and then there's my
bad but just right at the window so yeah
I just have like a little fairy light up
there to make it a bit prettier and so
at night it's like oh dear I've put up a
few pillows because I feel like it makes
it feel if I can walk like maybe like a
couch so I can use that in the day and
then at night I just put them away and
just sleep there and right on top of my
bad I have these four shelves so on the
first one
and keep flashcards and two camels but
I'm technically not allowed to light the
candles so I can only keep them for
decoration on the second one I keep a
few books and then in these little one
it's here I have some office supplies
and they're to go and then here on the
third one I have six boxes because I'm
having six subjects and each of the
boxes contains my study units for one I
just think it's a great system because I
can just go back to these boxes and
check the material and go over it and
revise for my exams
instead of having to check all my notes
which I keep up here so just this one up
two boxes just one here is for global
tall chicks which I'm studying as an SL
so standard level and in there I just
have flashcards and for example these
here are key concepts of the course and
then there are different topics
different units for which has different
flashcards and I can just go back and
look at these things so that it's a lot
easier to revise for exams so right next
to my bed I have this little shelf on
top of the shelf I keep made me get back
and my key and then one down I've got
all my makeup brushes my toothbrush and
the powder box and then here I have my
perfume my face cream and then here on
the ground I keep all the things that I
need and I go to the bathroom so I have
like shampoo sensor here or olmstead
shower deal and face cleaners so it's
just really useful to have it in here so
you can just take it and get your
bathroom and yeah I have a little carpet
here but the thing is the floor of our
school is quite slippery so having this
carpet was maybe not the smartest
decision because it moves super quick
meaning don't trust this corporate in
the morning I also have a smaller carpet
under my desk because the floor and how
our room tends to be very very cold and
I usually don't send you my shoes on so
I just wanted to make sure I don't get
cold
yeah that's it
[Music]
thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed this and if you wanted to have
partisan united well colleges i click
their website down below so you can
check it out
and if you want to know more about my
life and how comes please check out my
blog I would also be really happy to
answer any questions about United World
colleges you can go to my blog into the
contact section and you can do this mail
me your questions and I'm going to move
back to you